Dune Legacy

With new blood this project is finally alive again and seems to be
in a more healthy state than ever!

Some background history:
The Dune Legacy project was originally started by Anthony Cole, then helped out by Raal
Goff and Martin Reichl before it was abandoned by them. It cointains small segments of
code greatfully borrowed from Olaf van der Spek's Mixer (dune2 data extraction), and
Stefan Hendriks' Ultra Dune2(random map generator).

Current situation:
This project was picked up again by Per Øyvind Karlsen (Dvalin) in 2005 after being
left dead for over a year. With some minor fixes and modifications 0.94 was released
08.10.2005. Since then not much was done until July of 2006 where new people joined
the project and it got a lot of new code. A lot of the code has been cleaned up and
fixed, and much of it has been rewritten. Also this stable release works with the
(arhm.. non-free, se wiki for details) data distributed for it.

Some in-game info:
Left mouse to drag and select, right mouse to give order (move, attack etc.)
Structures can be given waypoints with right click
Use mouse wheel or buttons below/above bar to move build selection bar up/down
Use 'f1' to toggle cheat/debug mode
Try 'tab' for toggle toolbar
Try 'm' for change music
With any of your selected units try command modes shortcut keys:
        'a' - attack move
Delete will delete one selected owned object, hold shift to delete all.
Use 'd' to deploy a mcv.
Use '-' and '+' keys to adjust game speed.
Use 'f' to toggle fog of war.
Other controls and commands and things should be similar to other games.

Multiplayer:
Type in an IP address or alias in the input box in multiplayer menu.
It uses the custom map map.dlm and all players must have an EXACT copy of
it under main directory, or it will be completely out of sync, and error
messages will be reported in game.
The networking code is probably not secure yet so don't play against people
you can't trust.  Also it is not completely finished yet - things like stand
ground will not work in multiplayer.

In the singleplayer menu you can choose your house and the level you want to play,
1-22 - the original maps for each house, although most of ordos maps will not work
correctly atm.

Other resources:
IRC: #dunelegacy @ irc.freenode.net
Web: http://sourceforge.net/projects/dunelegacy

